Update Known-issues.md - Microsoft Teams will always log into the Domain-joined PC account. (#3993)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Known-issues.md

|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Teams requires access to Google Gstatic <br/> |Teams presently requires access (TCP port 443) to the Google ssl.gstatic.com service for all users; this is true even if you're not using Gstatic. Teams will remove this requirement soon (early 2020). <br/> | No workaround. <br/> |1/30/20  <br/> |

|**Issue title**|**Behavior / Symptom**|**Known workaround**|**Discovery date**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> |After changing password of the user account there is Error message - Either your password changed or the server needs your sign-in info again. This continues even using new password. <br/> | Teams will address this issue soon in a fix being rolled out. <br/> | Logout and relogin in incorrect credentials. After failure, enter in your correct credentials. <br/> |01/09/20  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|After changing the password of the user account, there is an Error message - Either your password changed or the server needs your sign-in info again. This continues even using new password. <br/> | Teams will address this issue soon in a fix being rolled out. <br/> | Logout and login with correct credentials. After failure, enter your correct credentials. <br/> |01/09/20  <br/> |
```

|**Issue title**|**Behavior / Symptom**|**Known workaround**|**Discovery date**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> |Microsoft Teams will always log into the Domain-joined PC account.   <br/> |If a user has two different Teams accounts and has a machine with domain-joined enabled, Teams will use the domain-joined profile on the machine to automatically log the user into Teams. To switch to the other Teams account, the user must manually log out of the app and enter credentials to the second account to log in. If the user logs out of Teams and restarts the machine, upon restart, Teams will automatically log in using the domain-joined profile. <br/> | If users are signed in to a domain-joined computer and you don't want their user name pre-populated on the Teams sign-in screen, admins can set the following Windows registry to turn off pre-population of the user name (UPN) Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\Teams SkipUpnPrefill(REG_DWORD) 0x00000001 (1). Note Skipping user name pre-fill for user names that end in ".local" or ".corp" is on by default, so you don't need to set a registry key to turn these off. Reference https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/sign-in-teams. <br/> |8/2/17  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Microsoft Teams will always log into the Domain-joined PC account.   <br/> |If a user has two different Teams accounts and has a machine with domain-joined enabled, Teams will use the domain-joined profile on the machine to automatically log the user into Teams. To switch to the other Teams account, the user must manually log out of the app and enter credentials to the second account to log in. If the user logs out of Teams and restarts the machine, upon restart, Teams will automatically log in using the domain-joined profile. <br/> | If users are signed in to a domain-joined computer and you don't want their user name pre-populated on the Teams sign-in screen, admins can set the following Windows registry to turn off pre-population of the user name (UPN): Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\Teams SkipUpnPrefill(REG_DWORD) 0x00000001 (1). Note: Skipping user name pre-fill for user names that end in ".local" or ".corp" is on by default, so you don't need to set a registry key to turn these off. For more information, please see [Sign in to Microsoft Teams using modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/sign-in-teams). <br/> |8/2/17  <br/> |
```
